com/example/teachapp/CategoryModel.java
 com.example.teachapp.CategoryModel
com/example/teachapp/ui/gallery/GalleryFragment.java
 com.example.teachapp.ui.gallery.GalleryFragment
 com.example.teachapp.ui.gallery.GalleryFragment$1
com/example/teachapp/AccountFragment.java
 com.example.teachapp.AccountFragment
 com.example.teachapp.AccountFragment$1
com/example/teachapp/MyCompleteListener.java
 com.example.teachapp.MyCompleteListener
com/example/teachapp/TestModel.java
 com.example.teachapp.TestModel
com/example/teachapp/ui/gallery/GalleryViewModel.java
 com.example.teachapp.ui.gallery.GalleryViewModel
com/example/teachapp/ui/slideshow/SlideshowFragment.java
 com.example.teachapp.ui.slideshow.SlideshowFragment
 com.example.teachapp.ui.slideshow.SlideshowFragment$1
com/example/teachapp/ui/slideshow/SlideshowViewModel.java
 com.example.teachapp.ui.slideshow.SlideshowViewModel
com/example/teachapp/leaderboardFragment.java
 com.example.teachapp.leaderboardFragment
com/example/teachapp/QuestionsActivity.java
 com.example.teachapp.QuestionsActivity
com/example/teachapp/QuestionModel.java
 com.example.teachapp.QuestionModel
com/example/teachapp/ProfileModel.java
 com.example.teachapp.ProfileModel
com/example/teachapp/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.teachapp.BuildConfig
com/example/teachapp/ui/home/HomeViewModel.java
 com.example.teachapp.ui.home.HomeViewModel
com/example/teachapp/ui/home/HomeFragment.java
 com.example.teachapp.ui.home.HomeFragment
 com.example.teachapp.ui.home.HomeFragment$1
com/example/teachapp/LoginActivity.java
 com.example.teachapp.LoginActivity
 com.example.teachapp.LoginActivity$1
com/example/teachapp/MainActivity.java
 com.example.teachapp.MainActivity
com/example/teachapp/TestAdapter.java
 com.example.teachapp.TestAdapter
 com.example.teachapp.TestAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/teachapp/DbQuery.java
 com.example.teachapp.DbQuery
com/example/teachapp/TestActivity.java
 com.example.teachapp.TestActivity
 com.example.teachapp.TestActivity$1
com/example/teachapp/CategoryAdapter.java
 com.example.teachapp.CategoryAdapter
com/example/teachapp/splashActivity.java
 com.example.teachapp.splashActivity
 com.example.teachapp.splashActivity$1
com/example/teachapp/SignUpActivity.java
 com.example.teachapp.SignUpActivity
 com.example.teachapp.SignUpActivity$1
com/example/teachapp/SelectLevelActivity.java
 com.example.teachapp.SelectLevelActivity
 com.example.teachapp.SelectLevelActivity$1
 com.example.teachapp.SelectLevelActivity$2
 com.example.teachapp.SelectLevelActivity$3
com/example/teachapp/CategoryFragment.java
 com.example.teachapp.CategoryFragment
com/example/teachapp/StartTestActivity.java
 com.example.teachapp.StartTestActivity
 com.example.teachapp.StartTestActivity$1
 com.example.teachapp.StartTestActivity$2
